hi michael here today i'll show you an
action sci-fi thriller film
called gamer spoiler alert you'll
understand the important plot points
the film begins some years in the future
from this exact moment
we see ads everywhere for the hit game
slayers and how the star character cable
has four battles left before he earns
his freedom we are then shown a battle
in progress
a massive shootout inside a factory
everyone in the game is controlled by
players elsewhere
characters get points for each kill and
for saving a teammate
some characters are shown to be doing
menial tasks in the battlefield
seemingly unaware of all the violence
around them seventeen-year-old simon
controls cable and leads him around the
factory
after slaughtering most everyone in his
way cable gets blasted outside of the
factory
cable manages to run to the safe point
to win the battle
afterward the surviving characters are
transported elsewhere
the other characters congratulate cable
on winning since he now only has three
battles left until freedom
some of the other characters don't
believe that anyone will be released
from the game
the producer and chief of staff bob for
the gina parker smith show discuss their
next guest for the show
genius reckless ken castle the creator
of slayers
on the show gina talks about the
achievements of ken castle
he first created a game called society
which is basically a sims game but
instead of controlling a fake character
the players control a real person and
can make them do whatever they want
you can pay to control someone else or
you can get paid to be controlled
society quickly became extremely popular
and profitable
making castle the richest person in the
universe nine months ago castle created
slayers
a controversial game which is supported
by the federal government
castle defends slayers by stating that
each character in the game
though they are real people are all
death row inmates who chose to sign up
for the game instead of doing their
prison sentence
if a convict can stay alive for 30
battles they will be set free
though no one has ever survived that
long some convicts are sent into
battlefields with pre-engineered actions
to do
and will be set free if they survive
just one battle but are unable to defend
themselves
which makes their death rate extremely
high also the games are all televised on
pay-per-view
everyone in slayers and society has had
nano cells implanted into their brains
which makes it possible for them to be
controlled by someone else
they can only be controlled in the
perimeter of the game meaning after the
game is over
they get their control back after the
show is over
the signal is hacked by humans a
resistance group
the human's brother condemns castle and
states that eventually we will all be
his slaves if we continue down this road
castle gets a kick out of it and has his
men try to locate where the signal came
from
in prison a convict beats a guard to
death and tries to escape but in the end
he fails cable sits by himself and
thinks about his family
a man named freak sits next to cable he
talks about how cable spooks everyone
else when he sits by himself and is
constantly thinking
he can't believe that cable only has
three battles left
freak asks him why he's in prison cable
has a quick flashback of a man bleeding
in a room later on while sitting in his
cell
someone opens the slot of the door and
hands cable a picture of his wife and
child
the female voice on the other side knows
that his family is the only thing he
fights for
she makes cable sign an autograph for
her son david and then takes a blood
sample from his hand as proof of
authenticity
to increase the value of the autograph
elsewhere
we see cable's wife angie going to work
as a character in society
practically all the game characters are
dressed in ridiculous and skimpy
costumes
angie is controlled by an obese man
named gorge
gorge makes angie talk to a male
character who is wearing a pig nose
the male character licks and gropes
angie while her attention is to a banner
across the street for cable
suddenly society is hacked by humans who
continue to condemn castle
castle watches a news report about how
the hacking shut down the game for a
little while
and will cost him billions of dollars
castle shrugs it off
since the money is just chump change to
him elsewhere the convicts for slayers
are being transported to the next
battlefield
sandra introduces herself to cable the
guards don't allow the convicts to talk
and so sandra is beaten the convicts run
out to the battlefield
armed with machine guns and bulletproof
vests the game begins and the guns are
turned on
a massive shootout ensues with people
being blown up shot to death
set on fire hit by truck cable sees a
female convict pre-engineered to walk in
the street as the battle goes on and
trucks are driving all over the place
simon has cable save the convict from
being run over but she just winds up
getting hit by another truck
sandra saves cable from being killed but
has her head blown off moments later
simon has cable fight through the
brutality and win the battle
people all around the world cheer
cable's victory
during transport one of the surviving
convicts freaks out wanting to get out
he wonders who exactly is controlling
them during the battles
we see that simon is a spoiled rich kid
with the latest technology at his
fingertips
simon makes himself a sandwich and buys
an ammo upgrade for cable with all the
points he won from the game
he talks with a variety of girls via
instant message
a pair of twins flash their breasts to
him and offer money in exchange for
playing cable
but he refuses his feet is hacked by
humans
who show simon footage of cable shooting
a man in the head in a room
a voice tells simon that if he wants to
talk to cable they can show him how
meanwhile castle readies to introduce
hackman to slayers
castle of course has no intention of
releasing cable if he wins two more
battles
and so he's purposefully placing hackman
in the game to eliminate cable
no one will be controlling hackman
allowing him free reign
a convict fed up with being controlled
tries to rip the nano cells from his
brain
but dies in the process freak sees
hackman and tells cable that he killed a
group of people
but turned himself in to get in prison
cable is brought outside for target
practice with his upgraded ammo
cable talks to a guard about being
controlled he doesn't like it
since there is a delay with each control
from the player to the character
later on hackman confronts cable in the
locker room with bloody hands
hackman just killed someone and promises
to kill cable and his family
for the next battle cable suddenly hears
simon talking to him in his head
it's supposed to be impossible for
gamers to talk to cons
simon has fun talking to cable while the
battle ensues
explosion sound off and motorcyclists
race through the battlefield
cable sees that freak has been
pre-engineered to sweep the ground
freak winds up being caught in the
crossfire and is shot to death
simon remains desensitized and
indifferent towards everyone dying
even though cable reminds him that
they're all real people
simon has cable search in abandoned
parking garage
cable exits and wants to go further but
simon warns him that they're near the
perimeter of the game
a rocket is fired at cable to make him
back away from the perimeter
hackman pops up in a tax cable he's
about to shoot cable
but the game runs out of time and the
gun shuts down as the guards take
hackman away
cable tells simon that if he wants to
win he needs to turn him loose
angie tries to apply to get her daughter
back but the caseworker laughs in her
face
with cable being a convicted murderer in
angie working in society
he asks if their daughter would really
be better off with them
she says yes but he pretty much denies
her application
since the daughter has been relocated to
a wealthy family
while simon buys cable upgraded armor
his feet is hacked by humans
the human's brother urges simon to
listen to cable and set him loose
he knows that castle will not allow
cable to survive
simon knows that if he were to let cable
control himself it would be cheating
however brother is able to convince
simon to help cable
in his cell cable is approached by the
same woman who took his autograph
she tells him that simon will grant him
control of himself and that he needs to
escape his final battle if he ever wants
to see his family again
cable tells the voice that he needs to
be drunk
while suiting up for his final battle
cable finds a bottle of vodka in his
vest
he downs the entire bottle before
running outside with the other convicts
cable drunk stumbles around the
battlefield while simon unhappily
watches
he tells cable to pull himself together
if he wants to survive
cable goes to the parking garage and
forces himself to vomit in an ethanol
gas tank of a truck
he then pisses in the tank and is able
to start the truck
before he can drive away heckman hangs
onto the side of the truck
cable beats hackman and makes him crash
into a pillar he is pursued by guards
and trucks
cable manages to kill them and cause
them to crash into each other
he crashes through the perimeter and
runs from the truck just before a rocket
is fired at him
blasting him away the broadcast of the
game stops and
everyone assumes that cable is dead gina
doesn't believe it though and knows that
cable will try to reach angie
while angie is controlled by gorge in
society cable goes to her apartment
looking for her
trace a member of humans approaches
cable and reveals herself to be the
woman he talked to in prison
she has cable get on her motorcycle and
they drive off to the human's
headquarters
cable asks why they took a blood sample
from him they used his blood to crack
his specific nano code
which allowed simon to talk to him and
for the humans to eavesdrop into their
conversation
they know that castle is afraid of cable
being free and so they helped him escape
they want cable to help them bring
castle down before he makes everyone his
slave
but cable isn't interested brother
mentions that they know where angie is
gina has already located her and follows
her in society
gorge makes angie go to a bar where she
meets the extremely horny rick rape
who is a previously banned character
they go to a hotel
where he can't keep his hands off her
when they get to their room
gorge has angie bend down so that she
can have sex with rick
angie clearly doesn't want to do it but
has no choice
before rick can violate her cable shows
up and breaks rick's back
killing him cable orders gorge to let go
of his control
but he can't and continues to talk
through angie cable goes to the elevator
to leave with her when hackman shows up
he shoots cable in the chest blasting
him into the other room where characters
are engaged in all kinds of s
m hackman takes angie and gets in the
elevator
cable still wearing his body armor gets
up and races downstairs
two society characters get in the
elevator and make out
gorge tells hackman to kill the other
characters which he happily does
gorge gets off on the violence while
angie is afraid
when the elevator opens cable grabs
hackman and fights him
he winds up grabbing a gun and blows off
hackman's foot
castle's guards show up and engage cable
in a shootout
cable asks gorge where to go and he is
angie lead him to a ray filled with
society characters
the guards follow and get in another
shootout with cable
a couple of society characters are
killed in the crossfire
they run outside where gina pulls up in
her van
she tells cable that she'll help him and
so they get in
meanwhile simon is interrogated by agent
keith
keith tells simon that the authorities
are going through his computer and all
his files
he wants simon to tell him how cable
managed to escape from slayers
gina drives to the humans headquarters
where they help angie
they can't take the nanocells out of her
since they are fully integrated in her
brain
however they inject her with something
that will help stop her from being
controlled
brother tells cable that castle first
tested the nano technology on two
military subjects
cable and scotch some weeks later scotch
was dead
cable was in prison and the project was
shut down
the same technology was seen again later
on when castle came out with society
brother wants to know what happened
during the project since castle wanted
everything associated with it buried
castles goons go to gorge's apartment
claiming to be tech support
meanwhile the humans examined cable's
memories
during the project cable entered a room
with scotch
cable pulled out a gun and aimed it at
scotch cable tried to control himself
but couldn't
castle manipulating cable made him kill
scotch
angie wakes up and reunites with cable
she tells him that she tried to stop the
government from taking their girl but
failed
trace tells them that the humans found
out that castle adopted their daughter
cable full of rage leaves to get his
daughter back
gina runs after him but he tells her to
leave him alone
gina sees castle's henchmen arriving and
infiltrating the humans headquarters
simon is released from custody after
questioning he goes back home and finds
a bombardment of hate mail
castle knows that cable will come to him
cable enters castle's mansion and sees
his daughter sitting in a room
he runs over to her but can't enter the
room it turns out to be a simulation
projected on a screen
castle tells cable that it's his latest
invention cable finds castle controlling
several other people and doing an
elaborate song
cable fights and kills all the henchmen
cable gets his hands on castle but he
threatens his daughter
he reveals that he located the humans
headquarters and slaughtered everyone
he also reveals that he implanted the
nano cells into his own brain years ago
while everyone else is set to receive
his are set to transmit
he can control anyone by thought alone
his plan is to control everyone in the
world and make them do whatever he wants
castle leads cable to a basketball court
where hackman is shooting hoops with his
new foot
castle controls hackman and makes him
attack cable with a knife
cable brutally beats him including
breaking his arm and snaps his neck
twice to kill him
cable grabs the knife and tries to use
it on castle but he controls cable to
stop
meanwhile we see that trey survive the
human slaughter
she and gina broadcast cable's nano code
to the world giving a live feed of what
he sees
castle makes cable slice his leg with a
knife he then takes
off his shirt and beats cable while the
world watches castle has his goons bring
in angie and her daughter
castle controls cable and tries to have
him kill his daughter with the knife
cable suddenly slams the knife into the
floor picks it up
and tries to use it on castle simon has
regained control of cable's body
as they fight for control over the knife
hassle boasts
i think it you do it cable tells him to
think about getting stabbed in the gut
since castle thinks about it cable is
able to stab castle
and kill him the world cheers castle's
demise
cable has castles technicians turn off
the nano cells
making them free the film ends with
cable
angie and their daughter driving off
into the unknown but free
this is michael movie recap channel see
you in the next video
bye